**[USER PROFILE & FAVOURITE/MUTED AUTHORS]{.underline}**

**Introduction**

In the dynamic landscape of modern web applications, user profiles play
a pivotal role in providing personalized and engaging experiences.
Understanding and managing user data is a fundamental aspect of
delivering services that cater to individual preferences and needs. To
address this, we present the UserProfile Spring Boot Project, a robust
and scalable solution designed to empower developers in creating
user-centric applications.\
\
In addition to the User Profile page, we also incorporate the sections,
namely, Favorite Authors and Muted Authors.

**Development**

The research & development of this project started from 7^th^ September,
2023. The project, incorporated the idea of developing a Spring-Boot
project which consists of a webpage, used for post, like, comment etc.

**User Profile Page**

This page is where a user after registering and logging in the website,
the user profile appears. This page consists of a User Bio, which
includes the details of a user.

**Favourite Author**

In the User Profile page, we have a component called Favourite Author.
The Favourite Author is a place where a user, after clicking on the
button, displays a list of the favourite authors.

**Muted Author**

Similar to the Favorite Author, we also have a second section, called as
Muted Author. The muted author, also knows as hidden authors, is a place
where a user hides the authors from displaying. This section, however,
only displays this list to the user, and not the authors.

**Features**

-   User Profile Page

-   Favorite Author

-   Muted Author

**Repositories**

The Repositories used are:

-   User Repository : To retrieve the names of the users.

-   Favorite Author Repository: To retrieve favorite authors.

**Packages**

We have the following packages, with the following classes in it.

com.post.user.Entity

-   FavAuthor

-   UserProfile

-   MutedAuthor

com.post.user.Controller

-   PostController

**UML DIAGRAM**

The Unified Modeling Language (UML) is a language used in the field of
software engineering that represent the components of the
Object-Oriented Programming concepts. It is the general way to define
the whole software architecture or structure.

**USE CASE DIAGRAM**
Refer to the image in the same folder.

**CLASS DIAGRAM**
Refer to the image in the same folder.

CONCLUSION

In conclusion, our project aims to create a User Profile Page, along
with Favorite & Muted Authors. The project incorporates the learnings
from our previous experiences, in addition to learning new stuff.
